npm create vite@latest
    Project name: my-app
    Select a variant: JavaScript + SWC
        The Engine: SWC (Speedy Web Compiler)
        This is a newer compiler written in Rust (a very high-performance systems language).
        Pros: It is significantly faster (often 20x-70x faster) than Babel.
        Cons: It is newer, so it has fewer niche plugins.
        When a we change a line of code and hits Save, SWC updates the browser almost instantly. 
        Babel can sometimes have a split-second delay.

        The "React Compiler" option : (formerly known as "React Forget") is a tool designed to automatically optimize code. 
        It automatically memorizes variables and functions so developers don't have to worry about performance.
        For a Senior Developer: This is heaven. It saves time.

        It abstracts away complexity. If we use this, we will never understand why React components 
        re-render. We won't learn the lifecycle of a component because the compiler 
        is optimizing our "mistakes" in the background. We want to make those mistakes so 
        we can learn!
    Rolldown is currently experimental. It is a brand-new tool being built to eventually 
    replace the older tools inside Vite. While it is very fast, it is still 
    in "Beta" testing.
        If we choose YES: we might encounter random bugs, crashes, 
        or weird errors,  because the software isn't finished yet.
        We choose NO: we get the stable, battle-tested version of Vite.
    
    When prompted "Install with npm and start now?", this refers to 
    starting the development server immediately after installation.
    Select NO. This will allow us to finish setting up our project 
    and install additional dependencies (like Tailwind) before starting 
    the development server.
    Why? If we select YES, Vite will immediately start the web server. 
    This sounds good, but it creates a problem :
    It will lock our terminal because the server is running.
    We won't be able to install Tailwind because the server is busy.
    We would have to press Ctrl + C to stop the server.

cd my-app 
npm install

# tailwindcss: 
npm install tailwindcss @tailwindcss/vite
in vite.config.js : 
	import tailwindcss from '@tailwindcss/vite'
	plugins: [react(),   tailwindcss()], 

    server: { // Configure the development server
    port: 3001,
    open: true,
  },

in .css : 
	@import "tailwindcss";
in jsx or tsx : import css file

Summary of all Hooks